Improve GitHub actions to run `make test-standalone` (#49)
hannemariavister/terraform-nomad-nifiregistry: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.4.0 UNRELEASED]

## [0.3.1 UNRELEASED]

### Added

### Updated

> - Added new step to run `make test-standalone` in .gethub/workflows/on_pr_push_master #32

Reviewer: Typo, I suggest: 
```suggestion
- Added new step to run `make test-standalone` for example/standalone in .github/workflows/on_pr_push_master.yml #32
```
